---
layout: post
title:  "The Benefits of being bored"
date:   2017-09-27 09:00:44 -0400
categories: boredom being is good for the soul
---
This blog post is sort of a response to the podcast I just finished listening to from The Art of Manliness, titled "Why Boredom is Good for You." Some important realizations were made on the drive over to school today, which sparked this post.

One of the main points of the podcast episode was that from boredom, real true boredom, comes creativity and productivity. I fully believe this to be the case. Not just because there is science to back up their claims, but because that is literally where this entire blog came from. I got bored one morning and decided to learn `Jekyll.`

Now I'm in no way suggesting that you should be bored all the time. But I am however saying that maybe instead of instantly cringing at the thought of an awkward silence or sitting at the coffee shop without your phone out, just lean into that feeling and maybe get lost with your thoughts for a few minutes.

As they did mention in the episode as well, there was a study conducted on the use of smart phones while having a conversation. It's not productive. They even found that having a smart phone out or in sight while talking will decrease the overall quality of conversation that is experienced.

Some other interesting findings were that you lose the ability to remember a moment when you include yourself in the photos that you take at that place. Or even just take a bunch of photos in general to try to "remember" the moment. But all you are really doing is causing your brain to choose to use the photos as a memory bank and not actually hold on to any of the information that you experienced. Conversely, if you use a "macro" shot or zoom in to take a very calculated and well framed photo, you will remember that moment better, because you took time to plan the shot and remember the details because you wanted that shot to come out nice. So when you take photos on vacation, take them like you have a Hasselblad instead of a dinky instagram camera.

My main takeaway from this whole thing was that tech isn't bad, using it effectively is all about self-regulation. That's not to say that you can't do what Brett does and use more tech to help regulate the tech that you have already. Because to someone who isn't very tech savvy, that sounds like a living nightmare. But I'm sure that back in the stone age, people still had the same feelings about "those newfangled bronze tools, their ruining our way of life." Because if you really think about it, that's all technology is, tools.

The same could be said about anything that changes in life: Music, Movies, New Tech, etc. people are inherently against any kind of change. But that is what makes the world so great. Change is inevitable and so powerful that you can't stop it. All you can do is try to influence it to help you when it comes about. 

Just a few things to think about. If you want to listen to the podcast, you can do so at: [AOM-Podcast][http://www.artofmanliness.com/category/podcast/]

-C
